Red Rover. Red Rover
Send to Emily now!
Come on Emily!
Who's it gonna be?
OK. Bobby Tricker
Gross! He's always picking his nose.
and eating his boggies
So what? He's a win
Come on you guys. we can do it.
Come on Christine. just hold on
Red Rover. Red Rover. send
Bobby Tricker right over!
Hi. it's Sam. I'm out. deliberately
avoiding your call. leave it to beep
Hello. I wasn't sure that was your
number until I heard that message.
now I know it must be you
It's me. Chrissy. what is expecting.
that is expecting a child
and expecting you to show up
like you promised
for old gang. maybe not old.
but if we stuck
If. well. I hope when you're coming
in. after all. a promise is a promise!
Thomas Wolf once said
"You can't go home again"
Well that's great for old Tom.
but he wasn't a chick who made a pact
with her friends when she was 12 to get together
whenever any one of them needed each other
So here I am. driving back
to my childhood home in Indiana
A place I can tell you
I never wanted to see again
I guess a promise is a promise
Sure it looks like I picked
the wrong way to quit smoking
Hi Doc. play some ball?
Not today. way too busy ...
oh that's for me.
("I'll Be There" by The Jackson Five)
Good morning Chrissy. anybody home?
Be right there!
Just look at your shoulder. honey
Hey. soda jiffy pop for you.
Thank you
Don't go near the stove or
you may burst
Very funny!
But if this baby doesn't come soon I'm
gonna have to be reaching and yanking it out myself
That would be pretty
Where is the list?
Ain't got it.
Can you believe this tramp? What is it
that she has that gets people so excited?
- Long legs. a tiny waist and perky breasts
- Roberta you know how I feel about swearing
Chrissy. breast is not a dirty word
- Can't hear you!
- Breast
- Breast!
Hey... good to see you.
Hi Roberta. you look great.
- How you doing?
Picture!
And you. look at you!
Thanks for coming.
Hey bitches!
Good Lord!
- How you doing. star?
- Hi Roberta
- Good to see you.
- Oh God!
Picture!
- Look at your belly!
- Tina Tercell!
Teeny. Teeny. Teeny
Picture!
No. you look good!
Yes. I'm a supermodel
- Good to see you. Teeny
- Yeah. it's been too damn long
Come on in
- Taa-ta!
- It looks exactly like it did when your mum lived here.
You know what they say:
like mother like daughter.
What can I get you to drink?
- Jack Daniels
- Oh. that would be great
We don't keep hard liqueur
in the house
Whatever you have.
anything is fine
Root beer?
- Great
- Good.
- Be back in a jiffy
I've been looking for one
of these.
- I can't believe you kept this thing
- Morton wanted to tear it down and
put a doll boy. but I just couldn't
part with it
Besides it's not mine to tear
down. belongs to all of us
I really want to thank you
guys for showing up.
Hey. don't worry about it. Chrissy.
I think you'll make a great mum
A little overbearing and rigid.
but by the grace of God. they can come out
relatively unharmed.
and if not. there is always therapy
I can not believe you're having a
baby Chrissy. make me feel very old.
This whole baby thing baffles
I mean you have it. raise it. you
inevitably screw it up
it resents you. feel guilty
for resenting you.
Then it has a baby which only
perpetuates the vicious cycle
Thank you Oscar the Grouch!
-So Sam. what are you working on now?
- My tenth
If you ask me. you ought to write a book
about something people can relate to
I didn't understood half of that
"aliens next door" thing
You take that as a compliment?
Why don't you write a romance
novel like Danielle Steel?
Now there is lady who knows
how to write a page turner
It's true Roberta. the longer they're
gone. the weirder they get
You know what? I'd just like to see
you guys more often
What it's been. huh? 10 years
since you've been back?
Don't give me any grief
Roberta. for example.
has chosen to be...
alternative!
she lives in sin with her boyfriend
but she is still normal.
Yes I'm normal
She hasn't had 4 failed
marriages or
endless series of monogamous
relationships ...
or wear black
- She is happy.
- Technically. I have only married 3 times.
the first one was annulled.
See?
Oh. you do think everything is
so funny; if you ask me.
you both need to grow up
Maybe you're right
Shelby. Indiana was not the most
exciting place to grow up
In fact. the most common cause of
death before puberty was boredom
And in the days before MTV and Nintendo.
we had to find ways to entertain ourselves
The summer of 1970 started out
like any other summer
School ended and we had 3
months of freedom ahead of us
But that freedom wasn't enough.
we wanted independence
A place to call our own. That's
why we decided to buy the tree house
And the quest to earn money was
our summer goal
The 4 of us lived in the
Gaslight Addition
It was a dream neighborhood.
A brand new free plan community
built when new was in
and old was out
I'm tired of this. I don't want
to hear it anymore.
- But what?
- Calm down please.
I'm tired of talking about these things.
How many times we'll have this conversation?
- We have tried for years
- Maybe you spend more time at home.
No! Say what for?
Come on
My parents had been fighting
for as long as I could remember
It never bothered me.
It was the opposite actually.
it was comfort and consistency
No matter what I do.
they just keep getting bigger!
You'd better hurry up.
your breakfast is getting cold
Roberta grew up with her dad
and 3 older brothers
her mother died when she was 4.
That's her in the picture
Roberta never left the house
without that picture.
Tina. tell us how you felt at the exact
moment when you realized you had won?
Well. I can only say that
I've thought about this day ...
that I've thought about this day. dreamed
about this day for as long as I can remember
To win an Academy Award at such a young age is an
enormous accomplishment. where'd you go from here?
Teeny was an only child. her parents were
country clubbers. never around really
Typical upbringing for actors and
pathological liars.
92. 93. 94. 95. 96. 97. 98 ...
Chrissy. oh sorry honey.
can I come in?
Sure!
Oh honey. keep this closed.
records get dusty
Oh oh. cubby up. cubby down.
is that the right way?
You know what. Chrissy.
I've been thinking
about what you asked me.
About sex?
Yes dear. you said it very casually.
very scary for mammy. like somebody going
- "boom". that's what sex is
- I'm sorry. mammy
Well. it's all right. it's fine. I
believe you're too young to be informed
but since your friends are trash
mouths. I think you should hear it
from me. the facts. This is gonna
come as a shock to you. but...
This is a flower. right?
OK. well. all women have a garden
And a garden needs a big
hose to water it ...
or a small hose as long
as it works
As a direct result of this
conversation. Chrissy would spend
a significant part of her adult life
obssessed with garden
Those are the Wormers. everyone in the
neighborhood felt sorry for their mother.
Like us. the Wormers also had a summer
goal. It was to make our lives miserable.
They were the enemy
Hey wormy Wormers!
Now!
Chrissy down!
Go. go. go!
Roberta. you okay?
We owe you Wormers.
and we always pay our debts!
As if we are afraid of
a bunch of girls!
You should be!
("Band of Gold" by Freda Payne)
Your idea of foreplay is:
a) a candle-lit dinner and moonlight walk on the beach
b) making out on a bear skin rug in a remote log cabin
c) watching a sexy movie.   or
d) all of the above.
B
E. none of the above.
Roberta. that's not a possible
answer
B. I guess
Definitely A
Surprise. surprise!
I pick D. all of the above
That's 107 dollars and 24 cents
So how much more do we need?
- 23 more dollars and the tree
house is ours
Hey. I said the first night we
get a slumber party
Oh Sam. get around to your mom!
- How short are those shorts!
- How tall are those boots!
("These Boots Are Made For Walking"
by Nancy Sinatra)
I had no idea why. but earlier that summer.
my mom began to dress like Nancy Sinatra
Wow. your mom is so cool!
Hey you guys. there is full moon
tonight. festival of the spirits who came
back to earth and walked among
the living
4 Black Cows. that'd be $1.60 boys
We're girls
I know
- She is so odd!
- What did you expect? She's a witch
I swear! She's got Voodoo dolls
and everything
I saw them. And hear this:
One of the dolls looked exactly like
Principal Winters. and you know what?
There was a needle sticking
right in the middle of his heart
I saw it the morning before he
had his heart attack
So. do we try another seance tonight? It didn't
work last time and it's not gonna work this time
It will work. this is the one night when the barrier
between the death and the living can be broken
- I read in the Encyclopedia of Supernatural Phenomena.
- You are so weird
- I'm in.
- Yeah. me too.
Here the scores. Roberta. you're a woman
on the verge. although your sensuality
is yet to be tapped. is like a volcano ready
to erupt. Wow. everybody look out for Roberta
- That's crap.
- Samantha. you walk the fine line between
romanticism and sex appeal. don't be afraid
to take the plunge. you might surprise yourself
- I'll keep that in mind.
- Chrissy. let go of your inhibitions.
before you dry up like a prune
What's that supposed to mean?
Now me: Teeny. you are a sexual magnet
attracting men from the 4 corners
of the world. pace yourself.
I'll pick the rest of my stuff
when the girls are out the house
- No need to move out
- Please. we passed that point. This just isn't working
I decided not to tell the others
about my father
Call me a fool. but I actually
thought he'd be back
A wishful notion I held
on to for years
At the time no one in the
Gasliht Addition had gotten a divorce
And the last thing I wanted was
to be different from my friends.
Freezing. it's so cold out here. Take my
shirt. now I'll be cold. but maybe you'll shut up
- It makes me look fat.
- You are fat.
I am not fat ...
Am I fat?
Now hold hands with the person
sitting next to you. palm to palm.
- Let's contact Marilyn Monroe.
- She didn't cooperate last time.
No one ever cooperates!
I think we should bring back
someone buried in this cemetery.
How about Dear Johnny?
Let's find out how he died
Close your eyes. guide us in our pursuit
of the spiritual world. keep our circle safe
from those who promote evil and seek
to harm
Dear Johnny. we know you were just a kid
when you died. We wanna find out how
- I'm here!
- Concentrate
Dear Johnny. can you hear me? If you
can hear me. give us a sign. let us know
It's okay. we just wanna talk to you.
tell us how you died
He's here ...
- He wants to tell us his story.
- Chrissy?
I think we should stop.
He is afraid
Tell him not to be afraid.
tell him it's okay
He's all by himself. he's lonely.
he needs a friend
I got you!
- Hey. that hurt!
- You deserve it. fart ass!
If you ever do that again.
I'm sorry you guys. but you're so
gullible when it comes this seance stuff.
I mean it's just all pretend.
right?
Chrissy! Where you going? Somebody
get her before she gets a heart attack!
- Chrissy. back!
- Chrissy wait up! We're behind you!
Come on. Sam!
- Sam. we got to get out of here.
- You guys. there's somebody out there!
- I don't see anyone.
Probaby just the wind or something
Roberta. why can't you just
act like a girl?
Look what you've done.
What?
You know I hate getting dirty
It's nothing
It's Crazy Pete.
Let's cut to the field
Base to Chrissy. base to Chrissy
What?
We need a secret meeting
Now?
Remember I saw someone in the cemetery
after the seance? I think he came to my bedroom
- Who?
- Dear Johnny.
Give me a break! -This is really
a bad idea. This is definitely not a good idea
Shut up Chrissy or I beat the crap
out of you right now! -Ditto
Sam! Are you okay?
- Holy cow!
- We did it. We actually did it.
He's back. we brought him here
Nothing on Dear Johnny. everything
before 1948 was lost in a fire
but Ms. Wendy says the Greenfield Library
carries copies of all the county newspapers
- That settles that.
- That settles what?
We can't ride our bikes
all the way to Greenfield
Can we?
("No Matter What" by Badfinger)
- Truth or dare. Roberta?
- Truth
How big are your boobs now?
Drop dead!
She has to say. doesn't she Sam?
She doesn't have to say
if she doesn't want to
- Then can we see them?
- No you can't see them!
- And yours grow?
- I don't have any grown ones yet
You'll get them. and you'll
hate them
No. you're lucky Roberta.
men love when they're big
Look how big are mine
today
They almost look real
It filled with pudding
Pudding?
The Wormers actually gave me
the idea
Jelly-o is too jiggly
Pudding has a heavier. more
realistic texture
What flavor is it?
It's vanilla.
- Chrissy. truth or dare?
- Truth
Have you ever been French kissed?
Are you kidding? I don't wanna
get pregnant!
You can't get pregnant from kissing!
I know that. beetle brain. but it's common
knowledge that if you tongue kiss a boy.
he'll automatically think you'll
do the deed with him.
they can't help it. they are driven.
it's the male curse!
And what deed would that be?
You know. planting the seed and
watering the flower
Isn't that how it works? The man takes his
watering can and sprinkles it on the flower
("Knock Three Times" by
Tony Orlando and Dawn)
- I think it's time for a break
- But we haven't ridden that far since lunch
- Come on. Chrissy.
- Fine. go ahead. leave me here.
- Chrissy!
- I don't care but I'm taking a break
Wait. listen. turn it off
It's beautiful
Wow!
- Where did it go?
What?
It's in your hair
Get it out!
I can't. it's ...runny
Chrissy. calm down
Look out below!
Roberta. it's too shallow!
Bombs away!
Where did she go?
Roberta!
Oh my God!
No!
Roberta!
Come on. get her up
She stopped breathing!
Someone's got to give her mouth to mouth
- You do mouth to mouth then CPR!
- Other way around!
Okay!
Oh Roberta.
Well. it's good to know
who your true friends are
- You know. I was gonna do it
- Me too. I really was
Chrissy here is the only one who
is really...
Chrissy!
- Don't you ever do anything like that to me again. ever!
- It was a joke!
That wasn't the first time Roberta
faked her own death. Earlier that year she'd
scared the hell out of us when she jumped
off the roof and pretented she broke her neck
None of us had experienced a loss
like Roberta's and we didn't understand her jokes
But she kept trying to make that funny.
maybe to make it easier for herself.
What was that?
Look. I'm sorry. if it means anything
to you. I really appreciate you was
on that mouth to mouth thing.
You scared me to death
I'm sorry
Roberta. you're my best friend
Hey. hell of a right hook you got there
Roberta. don't swear
Hey. you guys come here!
- Oh my God!
- What?
- I saw his penis.
- Whose?
- And the balls.
Scott's
Oh my God!
Great. now I'm the only one who's not seen Scott's thing.
that will be topic of conversation for the rest of the summer
You're forcing me to look.
Chrissy nobody's forcing you to do anything
OK. I'll look. but I wanna to make this
perfectly clear: I'm looking under protest
Yeah. right!
It's not very big
- What so funny?
- It's only big when the guy has a hard-on
- And when that happens. it'll get this big
What's a hard-on?
Doesn't your mother tell you anything?
I'm beginning to think
she's been misinformed
Hey you guys
Let's do it!
("Hitchin' A Ride" by Vanity Fair)
Get ready to make a mad dash
Yeah. you'd better start now.
Buzz off.  pug head!
No. I'm serious.
Get going
This is too easy
Hey Wormers. it's payback time!
Come and get it. suckers!
- Hey. you'd better get those back!
- Yeah. dream on. asshole!
Come on. you guys!
Come on. Chrissy
Al right. joke's over!
Give our clothes back. dammit!
Please!
Come and get them!
All for one and one for all!
- Come on. Chrissy.
- Hey you guys. wait up
I think I'm allergic to dust.
Nothing happened in April
- Nothing ever happens in Shelby
- I'm kind of like it that way
Nothing
What's wrong?
It's my mum
It was a head-on collision. the driver of
the pickup truck fell asleep at the wheel ...
She was pinned in the car for an hour
and a half before she was rescued
She was fully conscious when
rescue workers attempted to extract
her from the demolished vehicle
She died during the night at the Green County hospital
of massive head injuries and severe internal bleeding
- I don't understand this. this isn't right
- What do you mean?
It must've been awful for her.
A lot of pain.
She was very beautiful.
wasn't she?
Like a movie star.
- Hey you guys. I think I found something
- Read it
Funeral services will be held on Saturday for 12-year old
Jonathan Simms and his mother 36-year old Beverly Ann Simms
Due to unexpected and tragic circumstances involved
in deaths. the family asked the services remain private
That's it. there's nothing else
-What you mean that's it. how did they die?
Wait a minute
Pages have been torn out
Somebody's gone a lot of trouble
to keep Dear Johnny's death a mystery.
("All Right Now" by Free)
Hey
Are you in the army?
Was
Vietnam?
Did you kill anyone over there?
Not because I wanted to
Did you get shot?
That's a great song
Does it hurt your leg?
Yeah. hurts like hell
That bullet was the best thing
that happened to me
What you mean?
Got me a seat on next plane home
But we were winning. right?
Nobody's winning
Want a sip?
- Thanks. Smoke?
- Yeah. Sure
I love to smoke
Smoking stunts your growth
Smooth
So did you get a Purple Heart?
Yeah
How come you not wear it?
Yeah. it's a huge honor. right?
No
On the news they said the U.S. was
really starting to gain ground over there
Forget about that. OK? Forget what
you heard about it. forget what you saw
Even the people who were over there
lied about what they seen. or done
Doesn't seem that you can
believe in much anymore
You can believe in yourself
If you're lucky
So are you gonna be sticking
around here for a while?
No. I try not to stick around anywhere.
you know what I mean?
- Yeah. sure
Definitely
- Is that an earring you're wearing?
- Yeah
- You're a hippie. aren't you?
You're a trip
My mum says all hippies are sex fiends
I can tell you something that I wish
somebody told me when I was your age
- What's that?
- Your parents aren't always right
No shit!
- It's getting late. I think we
should get going
I guess she's right
Thanks
Bye
See you
Hey ...
Whatever it is you're looking
for. I hope you find it
Yeah
Peace
- Where's my daddy?
- I told you. honey. he had to go away for a little while
- But you'll be able to see him soon.
- Every other weekend and holidays?
But I want to see him now!
I wish you could honey. but you can't
- Hey Angela. I saw Crazy Pete yesterday
- You kids leave that poor old man alone. you hear me?
Why you dress like that anyway?
Like what?
Like that. it's embarrassing
Anybody home?
Don't move!
Hello!
It's just Grandma
- What's going on?
- Your grandmother is upset because your father moved out
So? You let her yell at him.
he's the one who left
I know you're in there!
I saw your car in the garage!
- Hide!
- What?
Hide!
- You have to go to him!
- I hate this!
Open the damn door!
This is it
The suspicious lack of details surrounding
Dear Johnny's death
led us to the one person we knew could
help us to find out more
Yes?
We need your help
I'm a little blue today. boys
Come on. give her the money
Maybe this will cheer you up
Come on in
I can't believe we are spending
10 tree house dollars on...
- We've been contacted by a spirit.
His name is Jonathan Simms
- I know
- I feel a strong spiritual presence here.
- For 10 tree house dollars I feel it too
Silence!
The spirits are here and yes.
they wanna talk to you
Okay. I want you to shuffle these twice
and cut them 3 times facing me
Relax your minds and bodies
and be open to his presence
We want to find out
how he died.
Did you see the look on her face?
She was scared
- You guys. we let us into a fake
- She was scared and so were you
- But what do we do now?
- The spirits haunt the living for a purpose
- Dear Johnny wants us to find out how he died.
- You saw the card. He was murdered.
- Maybe he wants us to settle the score
- Come on. this is getting out of hand
We need to talk to someone who is alive
when he died
Like who?
My grandma.  she is the oldest
person I know
She has a poker game this afternoon but
she said we can stop by tomorrow morning
- Your grandmother plays poker?
- She likes to gamble
Oh wait. but I promised my dad to paint our garage
door tomorrow. I mean come on guys. it's $10
- Hey Kenny. where's the fire?
- Softball game. Kennel's field
- Let's go!
- It's gonna be all boys
So what are we waiting for?
Come on Roberta. you can do it!
Guys. come
This is for yesterday
- Come on Roberta. you can do it!
Hit it over their heads.
- Shut up!
Ignore Roberta. concentrate
Yes!
Come on Roberta. touchdown!
Hello dear
Get lost. nerdo
Who are you kidding?
Girls can't play softball!
What did you say?
I said girls can't play softball
What's she doing?
Roberta. remember you're a lady.
Why don't you go home and
play with your dolls?
The only doll Roberta's got
is a G.I. Joe
Fight!
Enough!
Roberta. look at your hair
You wimp. crazy bitch
Foul mouth!
How does it feel to get the crap
kicked out of you by a girl. huh?
It's too bad your mother's dead. somebody
needs to teach you to act like a girl
Fight!
There you are!
Samantha. I want you to meet
a friend of mine. this is Mr. Kent
Hi Samantha. why. your mom has been
telling me all kinds of great things about you
Says you're a real good kid.
so pleasure
Great pleasure to meet you. little lady.
you're a looker too. Just like your mammy
- So Samantha. your mom tells me you're real interested in science.
- Science fiction.
You've ever been to Smithsonian?
Oh. let me tell you that's something
to see
That place is big. bigger than big
Maybe we might need to plan a trip to
D.C. before school starts. what do you think?
That would be just great!
Wouldn't that just be great. Samantha?
I think we all might have
a pretty good time
My dad's gonna take us there
Well. hell
Mr. Kent?
Oh. please call me Bud
Bug?
No! Bud. d. b-u-d
Well. Budd. you have a piece of
food stuck in your teeth
Damn it!
It's okay. just hold on..
- How is my....
- Oh. it's gone. it's gone
It's gone? Thanks.
First date jitters
Wow. that's a pretty scarf
Oh thank you. Angela
- Use this.
- Thank you
- I got your chair pretty good there
- It's fine
Samantha?
Samantha!
Love means never having to say
you're sorry
How's the movie?
Tear jerker
How come you're up so late?
Just need to do some thinking.
In the summer?
Want to go to the tree house?
Sure
You're not following through
Who asked you?
See you
Hey!
- You're pretty good. You know?
- Thanks
- I mean not just for a girl. you know. for a guy
- Hey. you want a pop or something?
- Cool. that'd be great
- Roberta?
- What?
Why do you fight all the time?
It's just something I do. I guess
Cause. I was wondering..
I think you're a really nice girl
I always thought you hated me
So did I
- Roberta?
- What?
- Can I kiss you?
- What are you mumbling?
Would it be all right if...
Can I kiss you?
I guess
- Great. ready?
- You wanna do it now?
- Sure. I mean if you want to.
- Okay
- That was great
- It's okay
- Scott?
- Yeah?
If you mention this to anyone. especially your
brothers. I'll beat the shit out of you!
Okay
Truth or dare?
Truth
If you were stranded on a deserted
island with me. Chrissy and Roberta...
and there was nothing to eat whatsoever.
who would you kill for food?
I dispute the question. The odds
that happening are slim and nil
You still have to answer
Then Chrissy. I guess
Why?
Because she'll feed more people
Truth or dare?
Truth
Do you like your parents?
I don't really know my parents. but as
far as I can tell. they are assholes
You know. I believed what the soldier said.
like your parents aren't always being right
I mean just because they're adults
doesn't mean they know shit
- I never thought they did
- I did
- My dad moved out. they're getting a divorce
- But I thought your parents got along
- I lied.
- Why?
I don't know. just wanted a normal family.
you know? Like the Brady Bunch
Well. 6 kids sharing one bathroom
does not sound like fun to me
Besides. Mike and Carol are widowed
- Then the Partridge Family
- Shirley Johnson is widow
Buffy and Jody. they are orphans
Kochabelly's father. widower; My Three
Sons. widower; Bonanza. widower
Beverly Hillbillies. widower
You see Sam. there are no perfect families.
It is normal for things to be shitty
I may be normal
But it still hurts
All those parents died. Teeny
My dad chose to leave.
I really miss him.
- I'll always be here for you
- Thanks
What are you doing?
You love those
When you're 12. without effort
you live in the moment
You don't regret the past
or worry about the future
and at that moment in the tree house.
Teeny filled my heart with hope and comfort
- Best friends for life
- For life
- We better go
- Yeah
You know. I heard that in another 10 years.
half the population is gonna be divorced
I find that really hard to believe
Come on. let's get out of here
- Teeny!
- What?
- It's gone!
- What'd you lose?
My bracelet. it just fell off!
Well. let's come back in the morning.
It's raining.
We have to find it now!
There it is!
- Look. I don't see it
- It's in there. See?
I'll get it
- Damn!
- It's okay. I can get it
- Be careful!
- I will. hold that
- Got it?
- Yeah
- Watch your head.
There's a lot of stuff down here
Look! A yo-yo.
Cool! Hurry up. okay?
It's really starting to pour
- I got it!
- Great. now come on. let's get out of here
Okay.
Samantha!
Sam!
Teeny. give me your hand!
- I slip!
- No!
- Hold on!
- Sam!
- Help me!
Teeny!
Somebody. help!
I'm coming Sam!
Teeny. help me!
No!
Teeny!
Sam!
Okay. It's over. You're all right.
Why are you afraid of me?
It is weird the way that you only come out at night.
It's kind of scary. you know?
Yeah. well. I don't like to see a lot of people.
I don't think they like to see a lot of me.
You get her home. huh?
See you around. Pete
If he wouldn't have been there Sam ...
Tiny and I both knew what would've
happened had he not been there
And on that night we caught a glimpse
of a hero in Crazy Pete
("Sugar Sugar" by The Archies)
Roberta. you missed a spot
Why don't you get your butt off
your asshole and help?
You know if I don't eat every few
hours I get nauseous
- Wormer alert!
- I thought there's something foul
- Maybe it's your armpit. lard bite!
- Oh your wit astounds me!
Come on man. let's get out of here
Ladies
- What's his problem?
- Maybe he's a lard person
Maybe he's not such a creep after all
That was the day Roberta
quit taping her boobs
I didn't know you'd bring in the whole
neighborhood. Come on in
Got a whole pitch of fresh
lemonade for you
Sit down. girls
- Samantha. how you're holding up?
- I'm fine grandma
- I've been worried to death about you
- I'm really okay
She's just fine. Mrs. Robertson.
we're taking good care of her
Well. I'm glad to hear it
Let's see now. we have extra company. 1-2-3. so I'll get
some glasses and you can ask me this important question
- Sam. why's your grandma so worried about you?
- Who knows?
Chrissy. Roberta. Teeny.
and Samantha. and me. bottoms up!
- How is it?
- It's great
It's refreshing.
Grandma. do you remember a little
boy our age and his mother who died here in 1945?
- Jonathan and Beverly Ann Simms
- We were just wondering how they died?
- Did something terrible happen to them?
- Yes
- But it's the kind of thing you don't want to hear about.
- Please we wanna know
- You'll have nightmares for weeks
- Come on Mrs. Albertson. tell us
Yeah. come on grandma. what happened?
It took me a long time to forget that terrible tragedy.
Samantha. I don't want to dredge it up again
You're just like your grandpa.
all that junk he piled up in the attic
And a weird fascination. curious
about everything that went on in this town
Oh God. dear Lord
Drink up everyone! I'd love to chat.
but got a big bingo tournament
I wanna make sure I get some good
cards this time. Come on. get out
Your keys
Hurry everbody. let's go
Harriett. up. we're gonna
be late
Bye. grandma
Bye. Mrs. Albertson
You come and see me again soon. Samantha
Okay
They must love bingo
We really should hurry up. we
could get in trouble for this
- Come on. Chrissy
- Don't drop me
Okay. on three!
Pull 1 ... 2 ... 3!
I know grandpa's scrap books are in here somewhere
- Find anything?
- Not yet.
Sam. I think I found something.
Those are my parents
They make a great couple
Yeah
Jackpot!
They were murdered
Beverly Ann Simms and her 12 year old son
Jonathan were found brutally murdered..
late Friday night. their bodies
were discovered by Peter Simms...
After leaving his car at a bar around
midnight he entered his house...
To find his wife and son
had been shot to death
The sheriff's department believes the burglar
was caught off-guard and killed the two witnesses
when they apparently woke from their
sleep. They've no clues as to a suspect.
The sheriff has every reason to believe that the robber
was probably just passing through and has left the area
It's an editorial from my grandfather
to the paper
It appears to be. isn't that all. that's the knowledge we've
gained from the brutal deaths of Jonathan and Bevery Ann Simms...
if we thought Shelby was a safe sleepy town.
sheltered from the violence of the outside world...
we were deceived.
Shelby is a safe town. if something
like this could happen here.
think how bad it must be out there
Roberta. it's okay
No. it's not okay! Why did they have
to die? Why did she have to die?
My dad lied to me. said these beautiful angels
moved to earth and carried her away
Before she's started to feel any pain
- Why did she have to die?
- Why did he have to lie to me?
He's all I have left any more
It's not all you have left.
All I can count on is you guys
- I know how you feel.
- What do you mean?
- My dad moved out. they are getting a divorce.
- A divorce?
I'm sorry. Sam
Screw them. You guys have us
I say we make a pact. here and now. We're here for
each other always no matter what happens in life ...
If Teeny goes off to Hollywood or I marry a rich
doctor. we'll remember this day and this pact
whenever we need a friend we're here for each
other. we can count on it. always. no matter what
It's a pact
- All for one.
- And one for all.
Now more than ever we need to
put Dear Johnny to rest
- Everyone ready?
- Ready
We brought Dear Johnny back from the
dead and it's up to us to send him home
Close your eyes
Guide us in our pursuit of the spirit world. keep our
circle safe from those who promote evil and seek to harm
Dear Johnny. we know you and your
mother were brutally murdered ...
Did you came back to tell us who did it? We're here
to help you rest in peace. Johnny. We're listening
He's here
Don't break the circle.
Tell us who did it. Johnny.
we're here to help
Holy Molly!
- That's the killer
- Please don't hurt us!
Hey. this isn't a playground.
it's a cemetery
And you kids should have a litte respect
for the dead
- Hey. we have a lot of respect for the dead. okay?
- Yeah. that's why we're here
- We resurrected Dear Johnny from the grave
- Oh really?
How do you think his tombstone
got cracked on the middle?
I.. knocked it over with my tractor
- You did?
- Yeah. a-ha. it's not easy moving around all these headstones
I'm not doing anymore of these dumb
seances. they are a waste of time
I can't believe how we did it
- What about the tarot cards. then?
- Get over it
I knew at that moment our days
of playing make-believe were over
As we grow older it becomes difficult
to just believe
It's not that we don't want to. but
too much has happened that we can't
Let's go
Hey look. it's Crazy Pete
Let's leave him alone. okay?
- What's wrong?
- I forgot something in the cemetery. I'll catch up
- You want me to come with you?
- No. I'll be okay
Pete?
You're Peter Simms?
They were my family.
It's a terrible thing that happened to
them. I'm sorry
For the longest time I thought I could've stopped him.
if I would've been home instead of down at that bar
But you were there for me
I've wasted a lot of years. afraid to face people.
mostly afraid to face myself
I'm scared too
- What's your name?
- Samantha
Well. Samantha. things will happen
in your life that you can't stop...
but that's no reason to shut out the world.
there's a purpose for the good and for the bad
He gave me the only gift he could. the
lesson that had taken him a lifetime to learn
And although I understood the importance of his words.
it's only now. looking back. that I understand their meaning
Rest in peace. Dear Johnny
- Do I look better with this?
- Yeah. right.
We all used to try so hard to fit in. We wanted
to look exactly alike. do all the same things.
Practically be the same people. and when we weren't
looking. that changed. the tree house was supposed
to bring us more independence. but what the summer
actually brought was independence from each other
Samantha!
- What?
- Your car's blocking my jeep
- Oh shit!
- It's coming. I think I saw its head
- You saw it's head?
- You can see its head?
You didn't see its head
- I'll get the keys.
- No. forget the keys. take the limo
- The limo?
- Take the limo.
We'll take your limo. go get the
bags. call Morton
- Ok.
- No. wait. don't leave me alone.
Get the car before another
of those bits
- How you doing?
- Hi
- Get out. I need your car
- Pardon me?
I have a pregnant lady here and I
have to get her to the hospital
No problem. tell me where it is
and I'll get you there in a jiffy
Well. jiffy is not good enough
Move out. bastard!
See?
Thank you very much.
- Just tell him his wife's getting a baby.
- Have a nice day.
Go!
- This is pretty good suspension!
- Sorry!
Morton is in the middle of a root canal
but he'll meet us at the hospital
There is cool room back here
- You should be doing this?
- There is a VCR... I can't believe there is a VCR
- Roberta. there's a VCR in here!
- Yeah. does it have a remote?
Okay. enough screaming. thank you
Breathe. breathe!
- Chrissy. your uncle!
- Oh shit!
No swearing around my baby
Shiiit!
Chris you're gonna have to push
Come on Chrissy. push
I changed my mind about the drugs
- It's too late for that.
- Give me the drugs or I'll kill you!
- Give her the drugs. just give her the drugs!
- Hey. you're gonna have to calm down. all right?
Now push. Chris. push!
Come on. I can see the head. I see the head
You really can see its little head
- Is it supposed to look like that?
- Yes. Chris you're doing great
- Is it a boy or a girl?
- I don't know. so far it's just a head
All right. we're almost there.
one more big one. Chris. you can do it!
Here comes the big one. Chrissy.
push. you're almost there.
you're almost there. one more
big one. Chris. come on!
- I want it out. get out. get out!
- Get it out of her. get it out of her!
It's a girl. a beautiful baby girl
My baby.
- Am I too late?
- No Morton. get your baby
- Hello. dear
- We have a baby girl
Thanks.
You're welcome.
- See?
- She really is beautiful
- You know. kinda looks like a Russian limo!
- Very funny. Roberta!
Chrissy ... truth or dare?
- Truth
- Are you happy?
Yes! I'm so happy I feel like just
bust and shoot happiness all over everywhere
- Roberta. truth or dare?
- Truth
Just how big are your boobs now?
- Well. just how big are your boobs?
- 36 D and worth every penny.
- D? Oh no.
- Sam. truth or dare?
- Truth
- Are you happy?
Not really. but I just figure that it's
normal for things to be shitty
Look. I got A+ on career day. I must've
missed that class on personal relationships
Maybe you should integate color into
your wardrobe. men love pastels on a woman
It's not about pastels or men.
it's about me
What are you talking about Sam?
I've had how many relationships and how
many years. and I've run from every one of them
which doesn't make it easy
to get to that next level
- The intimacy level
- Well. if you don't fall in love. you can't get hurt
But it sure is lonely all by yourself
Yeah. it is
- Hey. you guys remember that summer with Crazy Pete?
- God. we loved a mystery. didn't we?
- Did we have fun that summer or what?
- Yeah. it was the best.
You know I used to send Crazy Pete a
Christmas card every year with some cash
They came back last year
Yeah. he died
You know. I never told you guys this.
but Pete was Dear Johnny's father
- What?
- He was?
How did you know that?
Do you remember our last seance in the cemetery?
I went back and Pete was there putting flowers on Johnny's grave
He said something that didn't mean
as much then as it does now
He told me that things happe in life that you can't stop.
but it wasn't a reason to shut out the world.
I realized that I've been so
afraid of the bad things that
that I missed the good
You know I didn't wanna come
back here
But I'm really glad I did
I've forgotten how much it helped
to have you guys as friends
We're really lucky to have this place.
and each other
Boy. there is a part of me that
would like just to stay here forever
I wouldn't go that far
- But it would be nice to come back
and visit more often
I agree
Let's make a pact
("Now And Then" by Susanna Hoffs)
- All for one.
- And one for all.
Come on!
You can run from the disappointments
to try to forget...
But it's only when you embrace your
past that you truly move forward
Maybe Thomas Wolf never got to go
home again
But I found my way there.
and I'm glad I did